*[Federal Customer Data]: All electronic information, content, and materials that an _agency_ or its authorized users upload, store, or otherwise provide to a cloud service for processing or storage. This does NOT include account information, service metadata, analytics, telemetry, or other similar metadata generated by the cloud service provider.
*[federal customer data]: All electronic information, content, and materials that an _agency_ or its authorized users upload, store, or otherwise provide to a cloud service for processing or storage. This does NOT include account information, service metadata, analytics, telemetry, or other similar metadata generated by the cloud service provider.
*[Information Resource]: Has the meaning from 44 USC § 3502 (6): "information and related resources, such as personnel, equipment, funds, and information technology."
*[information resource]: Has the meaning from 44 USC § 3502 (6): "information and related resources, such as personnel, equipment, funds, and information technology."
*[information resources]: Has the meaning from 44 USC § 3502 (6): "information and related resources, such as personnel, equipment, funds, and information technology."
*[Handle]: Has the plain language meaning inclusive of any possible action taken with information, such as access, collect, control, create, display, disclose, disseminate, dispose, maintain, manipulate, process, receive, review, store, transmit, use... etc.
*[handle]: Has the plain language meaning inclusive of any possible action taken with information, such as access, collect, control, create, display, disclose, disseminate, dispose, maintain, manipulate, process, receive, review, store, transmit, use... etc.
*[handles]: Has the plain language meaning inclusive of any possible action taken with information, such as access, collect, control, create, display, disclose, disseminate, dispose, maintain, manipulate, process, receive, review, store, transmit, use... etc.
*[handled]: Has the plain language meaning inclusive of any possible action taken with information, such as access, collect, control, create, display, disclose, disseminate, dispose, maintain, manipulate, process, receive, review, store, transmit, use... etc.
*[handling]: Has the plain language meaning inclusive of any possible action taken with information, such as access, collect, control, create, display, disclose, disseminate, dispose, maintain, manipulate, process, receive, review, store, transmit, use... etc.
*[Likely]: A reasonable degree of probability based on context.
*[likely]: A reasonable degree of probability based on context.
*[likelihood]: A reasonable degree of probability based on context.
*[Third-party Information Resource]: Any _information resource_ that is not entirely included in the assessment for the _cloud service offering_ seeking authorization.
*[third-party information resource]: Any _information resource_ that is not entirely included in the assessment for the _cloud service offering_ seeking authorization.
*[third-party information resources]: Any _information resource_ that is not entirely included in the assessment for the _cloud service offering_ seeking authorization.
*[Cloud Service Offering]: A specific, packaged cloud computing product or service provided by a cloud service provider that can be used by a customer. FedRAMP assessment and authorization of the cloud computing product or service is based on the Minimum Assessment Standard.
*[cloud service offering]: A specific, packaged cloud computing product or service provided by a cloud service provider that can be used by a customer. FedRAMP assessment and authorization of the cloud computing product or service is based on the Minimum Assessment Standard.
*[cloud service offerings]: A specific, packaged cloud computing product or service provided by a cloud service provider that can be used by a customer. FedRAMP assessment and authorization of the cloud computing product or service is based on the Minimum Assessment Standard.
*[Regularly]: Performing the activity on a consistent, predictable, and repeated basis, at set intervals, automatically if possible, following a documented plan. These intervals may vary as appropriate between different requirements.
*[regularly]: Performing the activity on a consistent, predictable, and repeated basis, at set intervals, automatically if possible, following a documented plan. These intervals may vary as appropriate between different requirements.
*[regular]: Performing the activity on a consistent, predictable, and repeated basis, at set intervals, automatically if possible, following a documented plan. These intervals may vary as appropriate between different requirements.
*[Significant change]: Has the meaning given in NIST SP 800-37 Rev. 2 which is "a change that is _likely_ to substantively affect the security or privacy posture of a system."
*[significant change]: Has the meaning given in NIST SP 800-37 Rev. 2 which is "a change that is _likely_ to substantively affect the security or privacy posture of a system."
*[significant changes]: Has the meaning given in NIST SP 800-37 Rev. 2 which is "a change that is _likely_ to substantively affect the security or privacy posture of a system."
*[Routine Recurring]: The type of _significant change_ that _regularly_ and routinely recurs as part of ongoing operations, vulnerability mitigation, or vulnerability remediation.
*[routine recurring]: The type of _significant change_ that _regularly_ and routinely recurs as part of ongoing operations, vulnerability mitigation, or vulnerability remediation.
*[Adaptive]: The type of _significant change_ that does not routinely recur but does not introduce substantive potential security risks that need to be assessed in depth.
*[adaptive]: The type of _significant change_ that does not routinely recur but does not introduce substantive potential security risks that need to be assessed in depth.
*[Transformative]: The type of _significant change_ that introduces substantive potential security risks that are _likely_ to affect existing risk determinations and must be assessed in depth.
*[transformative]: The type of _significant change_ that introduces substantive potential security risks that are _likely_ to affect existing risk determinations and must be assessed in depth.
*[Impact Categorization]: The type of _significant change_ that is _likely_ to increase or decrease the impact level categorization for the entire cloud service offering (e.g. from low to moderate or from high to moderate).
*[impact categorization]: The type of _significant change_ that is _likely_ to increase or decrease the impact level categorization for the entire cloud service offering (e.g. from low to moderate or from high to moderate).
*[Interim Requirement]: A temporary requirement included as part of a FedRAMP Pilot or Beta Test that will _likely_ be replaced, updated, or removed prior to the formal wide release of the requirement.
*[Authorization Package]: Has meaning from 44 USC § 3607 (b)(8) which is "the essential information that can be used by an agency to determine whether to authorize the operation of an information system or the use of a designated set of common controls for all cloud computing products and services authorized by FedRAMP."
*[authorization package]: Has meaning from 44 USC § 3607 (b)(8) which is "the essential information that can be used by an agency to determine whether to authorize the operation of an information system or the use of a designated set of common controls for all cloud computing products and services authorized by FedRAMP."
*[authorization packages]: Has meaning from 44 USC § 3607 (b)(8) which is "the essential information that can be used by an agency to determine whether to authorize the operation of an information system or the use of a designated set of common controls for all cloud computing products and services authorized by FedRAMP."
*[Authorization data]: The collective information required by FedRAMP for initial and ongoing assessment and authorization of a _cloud service offering_, including the _authorization package_. 
*[authorization data]: The collective information required by FedRAMP for initial and ongoing assessment and authorization of a _cloud service offering_, including the _authorization package_. 
*[Trust Center]: A secure repository or service used by cloud service providers to store and share _authorization data_. _Trust centers_ are the complete and definitive source for _authorization data_ and must meet the requirements outlined in the FedRAMP _authorization data_ Sharing Standard to be FedRAMP-compatible.
*[trust center]: A secure repository or service used by cloud service providers to store and share _authorization data_. _Trust centers_ are the complete and definitive source for _authorization data_ and must meet the requirements outlined in the FedRAMP _authorization data_ Sharing Standard to be FedRAMP-compatible.
*[trust centers]: A secure repository or service used by cloud service providers to store and share _authorization data_. _Trust centers_ are the complete and definitive source for _authorization data_ and must meet the requirements outlined in the FedRAMP _authorization data_ Sharing Standard to be FedRAMP-compatible.
*[Machine-Readable]: Has the meaning from 44 U.S. Code § 3502 (18) which is "the term "_machine-readable_", when used with respect to data, means data in a format that can be easily processed by a computer without human intervention while ensuring no semantic meaning is lost"
*[machine-readable]: Has the meaning from 44 U.S. Code § 3502 (18) which is "the term "_machine-readable_", when used with respect to data, means data in a format that can be easily processed by a computer without human intervention while ensuring no semantic meaning is lost"
*[All Necessary Parties]: All entities whose interests are affected directly by activity related to a specific _cloud service offering_ in the context of a FedRAMP authorization. This always includes FedRAMP and any _agency_ customer who is operating the _cloud service offering_, but may include additional parties depending on agreements made by the cloud service provider (such as consultants or third-party assessors). Potential _agency_ customers or third-party cloud service providers should also be included in most cases but this is not a mandatory requirement under FedRAMP as ultimately the cloud service provider may choose who they wish to do business with.
*[all necessary parties]: All entities whose interests are affected directly by activity related to a specific _cloud service offering_ in the context of a FedRAMP authorization. This always includes FedRAMP and any _agency_ customer who is operating the _cloud service offering_, but may include additional parties depending on agreements made by the cloud service provider (such as consultants or third-party assessors). Potential _agency_ customers or third-party cloud service providers should also be included in most cases but this is not a mandatory requirement under FedRAMP as ultimately the cloud service provider may choose who they wish to do business with.
*[Agency]: Has the meaning given in 44 U.S. Code § 3502 (1), which is "any executive department, military department, Government corporation, Government controlled corporation, or other establishment in the executive branch of the Government (including the Executive Office of the President), or any independent regulatory agency, but does not include—(A) the Government Accountability Office; (B) Federal Election Commission; (C) the governments of the District of Columbia and of the territories and possessions of the United States, and their various subdivisions; or (D) Government-owned contractor-operated facilities, including laboratories engaged in national defense research and production activities."
*[agency]: Has the meaning given in 44 U.S. Code § 3502 (1), which is "any executive department, military department, Government corporation, Government controlled corporation, or other establishment in the executive branch of the Government (including the Executive Office of the President), or any independent regulatory agency, but does not include—(A) the Government Accountability Office; (B) Federal Election Commission; (C) the governments of the District of Columbia and of the territories and possessions of the United States, and their various subdivisions; or (D) Government-owned contractor-operated facilities, including laboratories engaged in national defense research and production activities."
*[agencies]: Has the meaning given in 44 U.S. Code § 3502 (1), which is "any executive department, military department, Government corporation, Government controlled corporation, or other establishment in the executive branch of the Government (including the Executive Office of the President), or any independent regulatory agency, but does not include—(A) the Government Accountability Office; (B) Federal Election Commission; (C) the governments of the District of Columbia and of the territories and possessions of the United States, and their various subdivisions; or (D) Government-owned contractor-operated facilities, including laboratories engaged in national defense research and production activities."
*[Vulnerability]: Has the meaning given to "security vulnerability" in 6 USC § 650 (25), which is "any attribute of hardware, software, process, or procedure that could enable or facilitate the defeat of [...] management, operational, and technical controls used to protect against an unauthorized effort to adversely affect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of an information system or its information." This includes gaps in Rev5 controls and 20x Key Security Indicators, software vulnerabilities, misconfigurations, exposures, weak credentials, insecure services, and all other such potential weaknesses in protection (intentional or unintentional).
*[vulnerability]: Has the meaning given to "security vulnerability" in 6 USC § 650 (25), which is "any attribute of hardware, software, process, or procedure that could enable or facilitate the defeat of [...] management, operational, and technical controls used to protect against an unauthorized effort to adversely affect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of an information system or its information." This includes gaps in Rev5 controls and 20x Key Security Indicators, software vulnerabilities, misconfigurations, exposures, weak credentials, insecure services, and all other such potential weaknesses in protection (intentional or unintentional).
*[vulnerabilities]: Has the meaning given to "security vulnerability" in 6 USC § 650 (25), which is "any attribute of hardware, software, process, or procedure that could enable or facilitate the defeat of [...] management, operational, and technical controls used to protect against an unauthorized effort to adversely affect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of an information system or its information." This includes gaps in Rev5 controls and 20x Key Security Indicators, software vulnerabilities, misconfigurations, exposures, weak credentials, insecure services, and all other such potential weaknesses in protection (intentional or unintentional).
*[Vulnerability Detection]: The systematic process of discovering and identifying security vulnerabilities in _information resources_ through assessment, scanning, threat intelligence, vulnerability disclosure mechanisms, bug bounties, supply chain monitoring, and other capabilities. This process includes the initial discovery of a _vulnerability's_ existence and the determination of affected _information resources_ within a _cloud service offering._
*[vulnerability detection]: The systematic process of discovering and identifying security vulnerabilities in _information resources_ through assessment, scanning, threat intelligence, vulnerability disclosure mechanisms, bug bounties, supply chain monitoring, and other capabilities. This process includes the initial discovery of a _vulnerability's_ existence and the determination of affected _information resources_ within a _cloud service offering._
*[detect vulnerabilities]: The systematic process of discovering and identifying security vulnerabilities in _information resources_ through assessment, scanning, threat intelligence, vulnerability disclosure mechanisms, bug bounties, supply chain monitoring, and other capabilities. This process includes the initial discovery of a _vulnerability's_ existence and the determination of affected _information resources_ within a _cloud service offering._
*[detect]: The systematic process of discovering and identifying security vulnerabilities in _information resources_ through assessment, scanning, threat intelligence, vulnerability disclosure mechanisms, bug bounties, supply chain monitoring, and other capabilities. This process includes the initial discovery of a _vulnerability's_ existence and the determination of affected _information resources_ within a _cloud service offering._
*[detection]: The systematic process of discovering and identifying security vulnerabilities in _information resources_ through assessment, scanning, threat intelligence, vulnerability disclosure mechanisms, bug bounties, supply chain monitoring, and other capabilities. This process includes the initial discovery of a _vulnerability's_ existence and the determination of affected _information resources_ within a _cloud service offering._
*[detected]: The systematic process of discovering and identifying security vulnerabilities in _information resources_ through assessment, scanning, threat intelligence, vulnerability disclosure mechanisms, bug bounties, supply chain monitoring, and other capabilities. This process includes the initial discovery of a _vulnerability's_ existence and the determination of affected _information resources_ within a _cloud service offering._
*[Vulnerability Response]: The systematic process of tracking, evaluating, mitigating, monitoring, remediating, assessing exploitation, reporting, and otherwise managing _detected vulnerabilities_.
*[vulnerability response]: The systematic process of tracking, evaluating, mitigating, monitoring, remediating, assessing exploitation, reporting, and otherwise managing _detected vulnerabilities_.
*[respond to vulnerabilities]: The systematic process of tracking, evaluating, mitigating, monitoring, remediating, assessing exploitation, reporting, and otherwise managing _detected vulnerabilities_.
*[respond]: The systematic process of tracking, evaluating, mitigating, monitoring, remediating, assessing exploitation, reporting, and otherwise managing _detected vulnerabilities_.
*[response]: The systematic process of tracking, evaluating, mitigating, monitoring, remediating, assessing exploitation, reporting, and otherwise managing _detected vulnerabilities_.
*[responded]: The systematic process of tracking, evaluating, mitigating, monitoring, remediating, assessing exploitation, reporting, and otherwise managing _detected vulnerabilities_.
*[Likely Exploitable Vulnerability (LEV)]: A vulnerability that is not _fully mitigated_, AND is reachable by a _likely_ threat actor, AND a _likely_ threat actor with knowledge of the _vulnerability_ would likely be able to gain unauthorized access, cause harm, disrupt operations, or otherwise have an undesired adverse impact within the _cloud service offering_ by exploiting the _vulnerability_.
*[likely exploitable vulnerability]: A vulnerability that is not _fully mitigated_, AND is reachable by a _likely_ threat actor, AND a _likely_ threat actor with knowledge of the _vulnerability_ would likely be able to gain unauthorized access, cause harm, disrupt operations, or otherwise have an undesired adverse impact within the _cloud service offering_ by exploiting the _vulnerability_.
*[likely exploitable vulnerabilities]: A vulnerability that is not _fully mitigated_, AND is reachable by a _likely_ threat actor, AND a _likely_ threat actor with knowledge of the _vulnerability_ would likely be able to gain unauthorized access, cause harm, disrupt operations, or otherwise have an undesired adverse impact within the _cloud service offering_ by exploiting the _vulnerability_.
*[LEV]: A vulnerability that is not _fully mitigated_, AND is reachable by a _likely_ threat actor, AND a _likely_ threat actor with knowledge of the _vulnerability_ would likely be able to gain unauthorized access, cause harm, disrupt operations, or otherwise have an undesired adverse impact within the _cloud service offering_ by exploiting the _vulnerability_.
*[LEVs]: A vulnerability that is not _fully mitigated_, AND is reachable by a _likely_ threat actor, AND a _likely_ threat actor with knowledge of the _vulnerability_ would likely be able to gain unauthorized access, cause harm, disrupt operations, or otherwise have an undesired adverse impact within the _cloud service offering_ by exploiting the _vulnerability_.
*[NLEV]: A vulnerability that is not _fully mitigated_, AND is reachable by a _likely_ threat actor, AND a _likely_ threat actor with knowledge of the _vulnerability_ would likely be able to gain unauthorized access, cause harm, disrupt operations, or otherwise have an undesired adverse impact within the _cloud service offering_ by exploiting the _vulnerability_.
*[NLEVs]: A vulnerability that is not _fully mitigated_, AND is reachable by a _likely_ threat actor, AND a _likely_ threat actor with knowledge of the _vulnerability_ would likely be able to gain unauthorized access, cause harm, disrupt operations, or otherwise have an undesired adverse impact within the _cloud service offering_ by exploiting the _vulnerability_.
*[Internet-Reachable Vulnerability (IRV)]: A _vulnerability_ in a machine-based _information resource_ that might be exploited or otherwise triggered by a payload originating from a source on the public internet; this includes machine-based _information resources_ that have no direct route to/from the internet but receive payloads or otherwise take action triggered by internet activity.
*[internet-reachable vulnerability]: A _vulnerability_ in a machine-based _information resource_ that might be exploited or otherwise triggered by a payload originating from a source on the public internet; this includes machine-based _information resources_ that have no direct route to/from the internet but receive payloads or otherwise take action triggered by internet activity.
*[internet-reachable vulnerabilities]: A _vulnerability_ in a machine-based _information resource_ that might be exploited or otherwise triggered by a payload originating from a source on the public internet; this includes machine-based _information resources_ that have no direct route to/from the internet but receive payloads or otherwise take action triggered by internet activity.
*[IRV]: A _vulnerability_ in a machine-based _information resource_ that might be exploited or otherwise triggered by a payload originating from a source on the public internet; this includes machine-based _information resources_ that have no direct route to/from the internet but receive payloads or otherwise take action triggered by internet activity.
*[IRVs]: A _vulnerability_ in a machine-based _information resource_ that might be exploited or otherwise triggered by a payload originating from a source on the public internet; this includes machine-based _information resources_ that have no direct route to/from the internet but receive payloads or otherwise take action triggered by internet activity.
*[NIRV]: A _vulnerability_ in a machine-based _information resource_ that might be exploited or otherwise triggered by a payload originating from a source on the public internet; this includes machine-based _information resources_ that have no direct route to/from the internet but receive payloads or otherwise take action triggered by internet activity.
*[NIRVs]: A _vulnerability_ in a machine-based _information resource_ that might be exploited or otherwise triggered by a payload originating from a source on the public internet; this includes machine-based _information resources_ that have no direct route to/from the internet but receive payloads or otherwise take action triggered by internet activity.
*[Known Exploited Vulnerability (KEV)]: Has the meaning given in CISA Binding Operational Directive 22-01, which is any _vulnerability_ identified in CISA's Known Exploited Vulnerabilities catalog.
*[known exploited vulnerability]: Has the meaning given in CISA Binding Operational Directive 22-01, which is any _vulnerability_ identified in CISA's Known Exploited Vulnerabilities catalog.
*[known exploited vulnerabilities]: Has the meaning given in CISA Binding Operational Directive 22-01, which is any _vulnerability_ identified in CISA's Known Exploited Vulnerabilities catalog.
*[KEV]: Has the meaning given in CISA Binding Operational Directive 22-01, which is any _vulnerability_ identified in CISA's Known Exploited Vulnerabilities catalog.
*[KEVs]: Has the meaning given in CISA Binding Operational Directive 22-01, which is any _vulnerability_ identified in CISA's Known Exploited Vulnerabilities catalog.
*[Remediated Vulnerability]: A _vulnerability_ that has been neutralized or eliminated and is no longer _detected_.
*[remediated vulnerability]: A _vulnerability_ that has been neutralized or eliminated and is no longer _detected_.
*[remediated vulnerabilities]: A _vulnerability_ that has been neutralized or eliminated and is no longer _detected_.
*[Partially Mitigated Vulnerability]: A _vulnerability_ where the likelihood or _potential adverse impact_ of exploitation has been reduced from the original evaluation but the risk of exploitation still exists and the _vulnerability_ is still _detected_.
*[partially mitigated vulnerability]: A _vulnerability_ where the likelihood or _potential adverse impact_ of exploitation has been reduced from the original evaluation but the risk of exploitation still exists and the _vulnerability_ is still _detected_.
*[partially mitigated vulnerabilities]: A _vulnerability_ where the likelihood or _potential adverse impact_ of exploitation has been reduced from the original evaluation but the risk of exploitation still exists and the _vulnerability_ is still _detected_.
*[Fully Mitigated Vulnerability]: A _vulnerability_ where the likelihood of exploitation or _potential adverse impact_ of exploitation has been reduced from the original evaluation until either are negligible, but the _vulnerability_ is still _detected_.
*[fully mitigated vulnerability]: A _vulnerability_ where the likelihood of exploitation or _potential adverse impact_ of exploitation has been reduced from the original evaluation until either are negligible, but the _vulnerability_ is still _detected_.
*[fully mitigated vulnerabilities]: A _vulnerability_ where the likelihood of exploitation or _potential adverse impact_ of exploitation has been reduced from the original evaluation until either are negligible, but the _vulnerability_ is still _detected_.
*[False Positive Vulnerability]: A _detected vulnerability_ that is not actually present in an exploitable state in the _information resource_; this includes situations where vulnerable software or code exist on an machine-based _information resource_ but are not loaded, running, or otherwise in an operating state required for exploitation.
*[false positive vulnerability]: A _detected vulnerability_ that is not actually present in an exploitable state in the _information resource_; this includes situations where vulnerable software or code exist on an machine-based _information resource_ but are not loaded, running, or otherwise in an operating state required for exploitation.
*[false positive vulnerabilities]: A _detected vulnerability_ that is not actually present in an exploitable state in the _information resource_; this includes situations where vulnerable software or code exist on an machine-based _information resource_ but are not loaded, running, or otherwise in an operating state required for exploitation.
*[Overdue Vulnerability]: A _vulnerability_ that the provider intends to _fully mitigate_ or _remediate_ but has not or will not do so within the time frames recommended or required by FedRAMP.
*[overdue vulnerability]: A _vulnerability_ that the provider intends to _fully mitigate_ or _remediate_ but has not or will not do so within the time frames recommended or required by FedRAMP.
*[overdue vulnerabilities]: A _vulnerability_ that the provider intends to _fully mitigate_ or _remediate_ but has not or will not do so within the time frames recommended or required by FedRAMP.
*[Accepted Vulnerability]: A _vulnerability_ that the provider does not intend to _fully mitigate_ or _remediate_, OR that has not or will not be _fully mitigated_ or _remediated_ within the maximum overdue period recommended or required by FedRAMP.
*[accepted vulnerability]: A _vulnerability_ that the provider does not intend to _fully mitigate_ or _remediate_, OR that has not or will not be _fully mitigated_ or _remediated_ within the maximum overdue period recommended or required by FedRAMP.
*[accepted vulnerabilities]: A _vulnerability_ that the provider does not intend to _fully mitigate_ or _remediate_, OR that has not or will not be _fully mitigated_ or _remediated_ within the maximum overdue period recommended or required by FedRAMP.
*[Catastrophic Adverse Effect]: A severe negative impact on an organization caused by the loss of confidentiality, integrity, or availability of its information. At a minimum, this includes effects that would _likely_: (i) result in a severe degradation in the availability or performance of services within the _cloud service offering_ for 24+ hours; OR (ii) directly or indirectly result in unauthorized access, disclosure, or modification of a majority of the _federal customer data_ stored within the _cloud service offering_.
*[catastrophic adverse effect]: A severe negative impact on an organization caused by the loss of confidentiality, integrity, or availability of its information. At a minimum, this includes effects that would _likely_: (i) result in a severe degradation in the availability or performance of services within the _cloud service offering_ for 24+ hours; OR (ii) directly or indirectly result in unauthorized access, disclosure, or modification of a majority of the _federal customer data_ stored within the _cloud service offering_.
*[catastrophic adverse effects]: A severe negative impact on an organization caused by the loss of confidentiality, integrity, or availability of its information. At a minimum, this includes effects that would _likely_: (i) result in a severe degradation in the availability or performance of services within the _cloud service offering_ for 24+ hours; OR (ii) directly or indirectly result in unauthorized access, disclosure, or modification of a majority of the _federal customer data_ stored within the _cloud service offering_.
*[Serious Adverse Effect]: A significant negative impact on an organization caused by the loss of confidentiality, integrity, or availability of its information. At a minimum, this includes effects that would likely: (i) result in intermittent or ongoing degradation in the availability or performance of services within the _cloud service offering_, causing unpredictable interruptions to operations for 12+ hours; OR (ii) directly or indirectly result in unauthorized access, disclosure, or modification of a minority of the _federal customer data_ stored within the _cloud service offering_.
*[serious adverse effect]: A significant negative impact on an organization caused by the loss of confidentiality, integrity, or availability of its information. At a minimum, this includes effects that would likely: (i) result in intermittent or ongoing degradation in the availability or performance of services within the _cloud service offering_, causing unpredictable interruptions to operations for 12+ hours; OR (ii) directly or indirectly result in unauthorized access, disclosure, or modification of a minority of the _federal customer data_ stored within the _cloud service offering_.
*[serious adverse effects]: A significant negative impact on an organization caused by the loss of confidentiality, integrity, or availability of its information. At a minimum, this includes effects that would likely: (i) result in intermittent or ongoing degradation in the availability or performance of services within the _cloud service offering_, causing unpredictable interruptions to operations for 12+ hours; OR (ii) directly or indirectly result in unauthorized access, disclosure, or modification of a minority of the _federal customer data_ stored within the _cloud service offering_.
*[Limited Adverse Effect]: A minor negative impact on an organization caused by the loss of confidentiality, integrity, or availability of its information. At a minimum, this includes effects that would likely: (i) result in degradation of the availability or performance of services within the _cloud service offering_ for a minority of relevant users; OR (ii) directly or indirectly result in unauthorized access, disclosure, or modification of a small amount of the _federal customer data_ stored within the _cloud service offering_ by only a few relevant users.
*[limited adverse effect]: A minor negative impact on an organization caused by the loss of confidentiality, integrity, or availability of its information. At a minimum, this includes effects that would likely: (i) result in degradation of the availability or performance of services within the _cloud service offering_ for a minority of relevant users; OR (ii) directly or indirectly result in unauthorized access, disclosure, or modification of a small amount of the _federal customer data_ stored within the _cloud service offering_ by only a few relevant users.
*[limited adverse effects]: A minor negative impact on an organization caused by the loss of confidentiality, integrity, or availability of its information. At a minimum, this includes effects that would likely: (i) result in degradation of the availability or performance of services within the _cloud service offering_ for a minority of relevant users; OR (ii) directly or indirectly result in unauthorized access, disclosure, or modification of a small amount of the _federal customer data_ stored within the _cloud service offering_ by only a few relevant users.
*[Negligible Adverse Effect]: A small negative impact on an organization caused by the loss of confidentiality, integrity, or availability of its information. At a minimum, this includes effects that would likely: (i) result in minor inconvenience when accessing or using services within the _cloud service offering_; OR (ii) result in degradation of the availability or performance of services within the _cloud service offering_ for only a few relevant users.
*[negligible adverse effect]: A small negative impact on an organization caused by the loss of confidentiality, integrity, or availability of its information. At a minimum, this includes effects that would likely: (i) result in minor inconvenience when accessing or using services within the _cloud service offering_; OR (ii) result in degradation of the availability or performance of services within the _cloud service offering_ for only a few relevant users.
*[negligible adverse effects]: A small negative impact on an organization caused by the loss of confidentiality, integrity, or availability of its information. At a minimum, this includes effects that would likely: (i) result in minor inconvenience when accessing or using services within the _cloud service offering_; OR (ii) result in degradation of the availability or performance of services within the _cloud service offering_ for only a few relevant users.
*[Potential Adverse Impact (of vulnerability exploitation)]: The estimated cumulative effect of unauthorized access, disruption, harm, or other adverse impact to agencies that _likely_ could result if a threat actor exploits a _vulnerability_ in the _cloud service offering_; as estimated following FedRAMP recommendations and requirements.
*[potential adverse impact]: The estimated cumulative effect of unauthorized access, disruption, harm, or other adverse impact to agencies that _likely_ could result if a threat actor exploits a _vulnerability_ in the _cloud service offering_; as estimated following FedRAMP recommendations and requirements.
*[potential adverse impacts]: The estimated cumulative effect of unauthorized access, disruption, harm, or other adverse impact to agencies that _likely_ could result if a threat actor exploits a _vulnerability_ in the _cloud service offering_; as estimated following FedRAMP recommendations and requirements.
*[Promptly]: Without Unnecessary Delay.
*[promptly]: Without Unnecessary Delay.
*[prompt]: Without Unnecessary Delay.
*[Persistently]: Occurring in a firm, steady way that is repeated over a long period of time in spite of obstacles or difficulties. Persistent activities may vary between actors, may occur irregularly, and may include interruptions or waiting periods between cycles. These attributes of persistent activities should be intentional, understood, and documented; the status of persistent activities will always be known. 
*[persistently]: Occurring in a firm, steady way that is repeated over a long period of time in spite of obstacles or difficulties. Persistent activities may vary between actors, may occur irregularly, and may include interruptions or waiting periods between cycles. These attributes of persistent activities should be intentional, understood, and documented; the status of persistent activities will always be known. 
*[persistent]: Occurring in a firm, steady way that is repeated over a long period of time in spite of obstacles or difficulties. Persistent activities may vary between actors, may occur irregularly, and may include interruptions or waiting periods between cycles. These attributes of persistent activities should be intentional, understood, and documented; the status of persistent activities will always be known. 
*[Drift]: Changes to _information resources_ that cause deviations from the intended and assessed state; common forms of drift include changes to configurations, deployed software, privileges, running processes, and availability.
*[drift]: Changes to _information resources_ that cause deviations from the intended and assessed state; common forms of drift include changes to configurations, deployed software, privileges, running processes, and availability.
*[drifts]: Changes to _information resources_ that cause deviations from the intended and assessed state; common forms of drift include changes to configurations, deployed software, privileges, running processes, and availability.
*[drifting]: Changes to _information resources_ that cause deviations from the intended and assessed state; common forms of drift include changes to configurations, deployed software, privileges, running processes, and availability.
*[Incident]: Has the meaning given in 44 USC § 3552 (b)(2) applied to federal customer data, which is "an occurrence that (A) actually or imminently jeopardizes, without lawful authority, the integrity, confidentiality, or availability of [federal customer data]; or (B) constitutes a violation or imminent threat of violation of law, security policies, security procedures, or acceptable use policies [related to federal customer data]."
*[incident]: Has the meaning given in 44 USC § 3552 (b)(2) applied to federal customer data, which is "an occurrence that (A) actually or imminently jeopardizes, without lawful authority, the integrity, confidentiality, or availability of [federal customer data]; or (B) constitutes a violation or imminent threat of violation of law, security policies, security procedures, or acceptable use policies [related to federal customer data]."
*[incidents]: Has the meaning given in 44 USC § 3552 (b)(2) applied to federal customer data, which is "an occurrence that (A) actually or imminently jeopardizes, without lawful authority, the integrity, confidentiality, or availability of [federal customer data]; or (B) constitutes a violation or imminent threat of violation of law, security policies, security procedures, or acceptable use policies [related to federal customer data]."
*[Top-level administrative account]: The most privileged account with the highest level of access within a _cloud service offering_ for a customer organization, typically with complete control over all aspects of the _cloud service offering_, including managing resources, users, access, privileges, and the account itself.
*[top-level administrative account]: The most privileged account with the highest level of access within a _cloud service offering_ for a customer organization, typically with complete control over all aspects of the _cloud service offering_, including managing resources, users, access, privileges, and the account itself.
*[top-level administrative accounts]: The most privileged account with the highest level of access within a _cloud service offering_ for a customer organization, typically with complete control over all aspects of the _cloud service offering_, including managing resources, users, access, privileges, and the account itself.
*[Privileged account]: An account with elevated privileges that enables administrative functions over some aspect of the _cloud service offering_ that may affect the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of information beyond those given to normal users; levels of privilege may vary wildly.
*[privileged account]: An account with elevated privileges that enables administrative functions over some aspect of the _cloud service offering_ that may affect the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of information beyond those given to normal users; levels of privilege may vary wildly.
*[privileged accounts]: An account with elevated privileges that enables administrative functions over some aspect of the _cloud service offering_ that may affect the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of information beyond those given to normal users; levels of privilege may vary wildly.
*[Ongoing Authorization Report (OAR)]: A _regular_ report that is supplied by FedRAMP Authorized cloud service providers to agency customers, aligned to the requirements and recommendations in the FedRAMP Collaborative Continuous Monitoring Standard.
*[ongoing authorization report]: A _regular_ report that is supplied by FedRAMP Authorized cloud service providers to agency customers, aligned to the requirements and recommendations in the FedRAMP Collaborative Continuous Monitoring Standard.
*[OAR]: A _regular_ report that is supplied by FedRAMP Authorized cloud service providers to agency customers, aligned to the requirements and recommendations in the FedRAMP Collaborative Continuous Monitoring Standard.
*[OARs]: A _regular_ report that is supplied by FedRAMP Authorized cloud service providers to agency customers, aligned to the requirements and recommendations in the FedRAMP Collaborative Continuous Monitoring Standard.
*[Quarterly Review]: A _regular_ synchronous meeting hosted by a FedRAMP Authorized cloud service provider for agency customers, aligned to the requirements and recommendations in the FedRAMP Collaborative Continuous Monitoring Standard.
*[quarterly review]: A _regular_ synchronous meeting hosted by a FedRAMP Authorized cloud service provider for agency customers, aligned to the requirements and recommendations in the FedRAMP Collaborative Continuous Monitoring Standard.
*[quarterly reviews]: A _regular_ synchronous meeting hosted by a FedRAMP Authorized cloud service provider for agency customers, aligned to the requirements and recommendations in the FedRAMP Collaborative Continuous Monitoring Standard.
